[All Hosts] (devx) simplified scripts in project templates (#4923)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/quickstarts/excel-custom-functions-quickstart.md

# [Excel on Windows or Mac](#tab/excel-windows)

> The command to test your add-in in Excel on Windows or Mac depends on when the project was created. If there is a "start:desktop" script in the "scripts" section of the package.json file, then run `npm run start:desktop`; otherwise, run `npm run start`. The local web server will start and Excel will open with your add-in loaded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The command to test your add-in in Excel on Windows or Mac depends on when the project was created. If there's a "start:desktop" script in the "scripts" section of the package.json file, then run `npm run start:desktop`; otherwise, run `npm run start`. The local web server will start and Excel will open with your add-in loaded.
```
